# Artifact for Lean-auto

Include the title of the submitted paper and its submission number. Indicate which badges you claim for your artifact.

* If you claim an available badge, it is sufficient to upload your Docker or VM image to a repository that provides a DOI (e.g. Zenodo, figshare, or Dryad) and use this DOI link in your artifact submission.
* If you claim a functional or reusable badge, provide justification in the corresponding sections below. Note that an artifact that claims a reusable badge must also fulfil the criteria for the functional badge, in which case only the reusable badge will be awarded.


## Artifact Requirements

List resource and time requirements for accessing your artifact.

* Precisely state the resource requirements (RAM, number of cores, CPU frequency, etc.) needed to evaluate your artifact.
* Provide for each task/step of the evaluation (an estimate of) how long it will take to perform it.
* If some tasks require a large amount of resources (hardware or time) indicate (and describe in subsequent sections) the possibility to replicate a subset of the results with reasonably modest resource and time limits.
* Describe the machine used and the runtime achieved during your evaluation.


## Structure and Content

List the contents (or its most relevant components) of your artifact.


## Getting Started

Describe how to execute and briefly test your artifact in order to complete the smoke-test phase of the evaluation. Below is an example for Docker images.


### Getting Started (example)

First, load the docker image `docker-tool-image` from the .tar archive (docker may require `sudo` root privileges):

```bash
docker load < docker-tool-image.tar
```

Upon loading the image, you can run the container with:

```bash
docker run -v `pwd`/output:/tool/output --rm -it docker-tool
```

The command above starts the docker container and places you in a bash environment, where you can inspect the source code or run the experiments. `-v` option will mount `output` folder in your current directory to the corresponding folder within the container where the evaluation results will be stored. This will allow you to view the generated output even after the container has stopped running. `--rm` is an optional flag that creates a disposable container that will be deleted upon exit.

To run all the experiments (should take up to 8 hours), use:

```bash
./evaluate.sh 
```

The evaluation script has the following additional options:
* `--smoke-test` option allows you to detect any technical difficulties for the smoke-test phase (should take up to 5 minutes)
* `--brief` option allows you to run the subset of experiments, namely Tables 1 & 4 of the paper (should take up to an hour)

If finished successfully, the evaluation script should print:

```
All experiments were successful.
```

You can exit the container by typing `exit`. Output files generated by the evaluation script (logs, tables, plots, etc.) remain available in `$PWD/output`. Upon finishing your review, you can remove the image from the Docker environment using:
```
docker rmi docker-tool
```


## Functional badge

If you claim a functional badge for the artifact:

* Document which claims or results of the paper can be replicated with the artifact and how, including how to run the experiments and how to read and interpret the output. To simplify the reviewing process, we recommend providing evaluation scripts (where applicable).
* Document which claims or results of the paper cannot be replicated and why.
* Explain how the correctness of the artifact (i.e. the presented tool/method) was tested.
* If possible, include log files reporting the results that were presented in the paper, and point to their location in the artifact.
* If possible, include source code within your artifact, and point the reviewer to the parts of the source code that are most relevant to the submitted paper.


## Reusable badge

If you claim a reusable badge for the artifact:

* Make sure your artifact has a license which allows repurposing and reuse, and is easy to use.
* Make sure that all dependencies and used libraries are well-documented and up to date.
* Explain in sufficient detail how the artifact can be used beyond the paper.
* If the artifact is not open source, provide documented interfaces for extensions.
* Explain how the artifact can be used in a different environment, e.g. built on another system, used outside of the Docker or VM image, etc.
